hey it's enjoy welcome back once again
to new heck or rather I should say R is
revisiting Oh old hack anyway this is
super Mario in dinosaur land yes so
Yoshi's place right here working on a
second hack to encourage newbie players
to play super mario world yes and then
over here a fresh new start cut off
dragon coin not exactly a good thing to
have because rights cut off bushes also
the cross fire bullets in a beginning
levels kind of overkill for a new player
to be perfectly honest and a little
overkill for world one seeing as they
don't show up for quite a while also
that thing that happens right here is
still so weird I I get what it's trying
to do is you take you know a giant fall
and it's like well hey you are shaking
the ground but if you land in the water
and jump back you still create that
falling situation also you have a star
and that dragon point is still super
easy to get just just saying it's not a
bad thing just still super easy to get
and lots of lives in the first level
let's go on over to the yellow switch
palace
and go from there a simple palace yes it
is it's a simple palace where you go up
here and it's like something i can
actually read what that said but it said
something and then pointed so let's see
reset good so that still resets i think
it says need eight or something grabbed
it i don't know not quite sure what it
says but this is the like bonus area
compared to the original game but still
good because you have the reset pipe and
then do you coming down here over to the
second level piece which paths so coming
up here if you haven't guessed it this
is a timed path level it's easy though
after all it's a second level it's
actually extremely easy especially with
the Cape because you can kind of do this
and then jump up here and it's like we I
can grab a piece which while it's
falling 81 not what I wanted good enough
yeah uh pretty much what I was saying is
uh oh come on I want come on I know I
can do it I've done it before ah why am
I there we go
do that and there we go then you just
kind of continue forward that's a frog
that's not a turtle frog yep and then
the section to which I have to say is
again really easy with the Peter with
the Cape because you don't you can just
you know skip through things and it's
like oh wait I need up there oh wait I
need up here it's like well why and then
again you can do that and it's like ah
and then you get stuck in the blocks and
then get not thrown out of the world
surprisingly yep anyway next one loving
launchers let's see the block to the
right will launch you in the direction
you are trying to move okay interesting
it kind of lunches down anyway be oh
what the food to do today oh wow was
that intentional or did I really just
miss like a good portion of the level by
doing that I've I don't even know I I
don't even wow I'm half tempted to go
back in because obviously there is more
to this level than just that but I mean
so I'm supposed to fall here then you
need help here hold up in the custom
block it will rocket you up okay Wow
okay so that launches and then that so
it looks like I was not really supposed
to do what I did but it worked
so next one Yoshi's Island for possibly
the original yoshi's island for let's
see oh that is that is kind of the same
I mean it is very very nice I don't know
the word i know i don't i don't know
what to what to say about it because
obviously it is uh a palette thing
probably caused by other levels blood oh
that is this really hideous okay well
this one's done let's see a geese castle
has it changed no ok so we reached the
end with lobbing launchers I mean it's
not it's not bad it's coming along
fairly nicely but there's just so more
about it that could be done because this
one it's a gimmicky level it is but
other than the gimmick I mean it's super
easy and there's not much level to it it
just kind of ends I want oh no what oh
I'm trying there we go that's why I
wanted to do okay well yeah as I was
saying it just kind of ends which is
kind of sad because it's like well you
have this really interesting gimmick
that you could do a lot with but it's
kind of awkward because it does do two
directions at one so you can get thrown
around say like that get thrown through
blocks and all that fun fun stuff but
anyway that's my opinion it's good I
mean I can see a lot of potential in
this but some of the levels like this
one's not the best piece which paths
these who kind of seemed like they were
rushed and not
exactly fully thought out but that's
just my opinion anyway this has been
ninja boy and I will be back later see
you guys then